docs(MauiEmbedding): Adjusting docs (#1863)
unoplatform/uno.extensions: doc/Learn/Tutorials/Maui/HowTo-Use3rdPartLibs.md

uid: Learn.Tutorials.Maui.HowToUse3rdPartLibs
---

# How-To: Install and use third-part libraries on Uno apps with Maui Embedding

When working on an application project, you may need to install a third-party library. This guide will show you how to install and use a third-party library in your Uno app with Maui Embedding.

For this sample, we will use the `CommunityToolkit.Maui` library.

## Step-by-steps

### 1. Installing the NuGet package

> On Visual Studio, you can use the `Nuget Package Manager` to install the `CommunityToolkit.Maui` package. Install it on your class library project and mobile and Windows project (because this package support those platforms).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Visual Studio, you can use the `Nuget Package Manager` to install the `CommunityToolkit.Maui` package. Install it on your class library project and mobile and Windows projects (because this package supports those platforms).
```

Author: Fixed in my next commit.
